hey what's going on it's Rick here and I
told you guys I'd do another video on
the iPhone 5s case the official one by
Apple once I received my iPhone 5s and I
actually ended up picking up the black
version of this case I haven't received
my blue one yet it's coming in the mail
but I think I'm going to return it just
because it is a bit light and color as a
reminder these are going to run you 39
dollars a nod out to my review I gave
this case a four and a half out of five
I do like it a whole heck of a lot one
of my top choices right now for cases
and I encourage you check out the review
that I've already done on this to give
you an idea of the way I've been using
this red one now for about a week and I
do slide it in and out of pockets and
you can see there's a bit of color
transfer here so that's what I'm talking
about I don't think it looks too bad
with the red one but definitely if
you're picking up those lighter colors
the blue the yellow which by the way
looks green to me and then the beige
especially it definitely is going to
show some color transfer as you begin to
use it so that's the red one I've
already done a review with the red and
let me go ahead and show you the black
on the inside of course it's microfiber
material this is my iPhone 5s I'm going
to pop the gold one into the black I
think it looks pretty slick here and
let's pop that straight into place you
can get an idea of what this going to
look like and as I mentioned in my
review it's going to show a hint of the
edges or of the bezel here and so that
is what your iPhone 5s in gold is going
to look like on the black iPhone 5s case
by Apple and definitely the flash is
fine there's no issue with that dual LED
flash no issue with whiteout or washout
in your photos or your videos when
you're taking pictures so that's what it
looks like on the iPhone 5s and again
one of my top picks on cases I've got it
in red and black if you guys have
questions comments or feedback please
feel free to let me know you can
definitely hit me up on twitter at meta
gamers and I will catch you next time
don't forget if you haven't watched this
review on this case check it out right
here in my channel take care everybody
and have fun